[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[coughing]
[fire roaring]
Mama!
[grunts]
Mom!
I can't get to you!
Mama. wake up!
I'm gonna get help.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
♪ ♪
[rock music]
[light upbeat music]
I couldn't afford a lawyer.
so I went ahead and
wrote it myself.
I don't know if the legal
stuff is right. but...
That's OK. That's
what today is about.
Miss Birdie. we could
transfer your assets
into a trust.
control how and when
Randolph gets the money.
A trust could be made
safe from division
in the event of divorce
or Randolph's death.
No. Rudy.
I want everything to go to
Reverend Kenneth Chandler.
Do you know him?
He's on the TV. [chuckles]
I told him that I
was going to give him
the entire 20 million.
Did you say 20 million?
Miss Birdie. Rudy will
write up your new will
and have it back to
you in a week or so.
Well. slap my mama.
that's great news.
[laughs] I thank you. Rudy.
I doubt it would be a
summary judgment so soon.
but it says here that your
son has a history with drugs.
that he died of the flu. which
was exacerbated by opioids.
They're lying.
Did you know she
has $20 million?
Oh. is it 20 this time?
She's bankrupt.
We humour her every year.
let her vent a
little. and move on.
[sighs]
♪ ♪
That is a lie.
Are you listening to
a word I'm saying?
My Donny Ray was
a year straight.
Hey. you need a hand?
Hi.
This is Rudy Baylor.
He's the best in our class.
Mrs. Black's son was admitted
to North City General
with the flu.
And sadly. he passed.
They killed him.
Who killed him?
That hospital. North City.
I filed a lawsuit.
Pro se?
You filed it yourself.
Who the hell else
was gonna do it?
The hospital is repped
by Tinley Britt.
Yeah. them bastards.
Tried to... what they call it...
get it dismissed.
But a judge put a hold on
that till I got a lawyer.
Then them sons of
bitches offered me
$50.000 for my son's life.
Believe that?
They offered a settlement
with the pending
motion to dismiss.
Yeah. and I told them
where they could stick it.
[sighs]
Mrs. Black. look. this
is just a legal clinic.
advice on landlord disputes
and parking tickets.
This is a pretty
complicated negligence suit.
You need a real lawyer.
-Ain't that what you are?
-Not yet.
And the other problem
is Tinley Britt.
Rudy and I both start
working at the firm tomorrow.
So even if we could help you.
there would be a
conflict of interest.
Well. good luck
working for Satan.
While you two are
shitting in high cotton.
I'll be making these bastards
pay for what they did.
We're very sorry for
your loss. ma'am.
[Reyna Roberts' "Raised Right"]
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'm a little bit of
whiskey in my sweet tea ♪
city in my country ♪
♪ A little "hell yeah"
in my "hallelujah" ♪
It's... have you got
money. or is she paying?
Good. How many for you? Two?
♪ I know I ain't
always ladylike ♪
♪ But I know how to turn
up on a Saturday night ♪
♪ 'Cause I was baptised
in the neon light ♪
Miss. that's yours.
Hey. three shots of bourbon.
-Three. yeah?
-Rudy. I need some cash.
I thought I told you
not to take Jacksonville
against our boys.
You're four deep
at the bar. man.
Get busy.
Prince. you know.
starting tomorrow.
this man is gonna be
making 175K a year.
Yeah. well. tonight
he's still a bartender.
[laughs]
You cool slumming it with
a bartender one more night?
I like when you talk dirty.
Hey. are those my shots?
No. brother. these are ours.
[Cody Bryan Band's
"Good at Being Bad"]
♪ She's kissing up my neck.
and. oh. it's driving me mad ♪
♪ Well. she's good ♪
♪ She's good at being bad ♪
[Down Like Silver's
"Broken Coastline"]
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
♪ I've been trying ♪
♪ To make this all mine ♪
♪ Pushing faster ♪
♪ Before the light is gone ♪
♪ For a while now ♪
♪ Day's been breaking colder ♪
♪ There's a wild wind ♪
♪ Driving me on ♪
♪ ♪
♪ All this time has ♪
Mom?
♪ Only made me older ♪
♪ Pushing faster before
the fire's gone ♪
Mom?
♪ Would you know me ♪
♪ If I walked through
your doorway ♪
♪ Would you hold me ♪
Mom. I got to go to work!
♪ Like you've done before ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Will there be a place for me ♪
♪ If I can't drive anymore ♪
♪ ♪
Mom. you all right?
He wanted to quit law school.
Did you know that?
Your father. God rest his soul.
Talked to him for hours.
Dad told him he's not quitting.
They could throw
him to the curb.
followed by every last stick.
but he wasn't about
to let him quit.
Yeah. John would have
been a great lawyer.
So will you.
Well. I'm wearing his suit.
Looks good.
Mom. what's wrong?
It's nothing.
He's right.
It's time to move on.
What are we talking about?
What... who's right?
Hank.
He wants to build a gym in here.
In here?
In John's room?
Can you even see
what this guy is?
This is your house.
Oh. Rudy!
Rudy. don't.
[engine turning over]
I want you out. Hank.
Funny. I was gonna say
the same thing to you.
You think I'm just gonna let you
keep leeching off my mother?
What are you gonna
do about it. huh?
[both grunting]
Stop! Stop it!
Hank. stop!
Stop it. both of you!
[tires squealing]
You had no right to do that.
You said it. This is
my house. my life.
Honey. I need you to move out.
[somber music]
It's OK. It's OK.
I'm... I know. OK?
I'm already looking.
♪ ♪
I'm so late. Mom. I got to go.
Rudy. your suit.
Do you want to change?
[sighs]
It's the only one I have.
♪ ♪
You're very lucky.
Today's orientation for
first-year associates
will be given by Tinley Britt's
managing partner. Leo Drummond.
Take a seat anywhere.
Sorry. Someone's sitting here.
Yeah. it's no problem.
"I am the punishment of God.
"If you had not
committed great sins.
God would not have set a
punishment like me upon you."
Genghis Khan. warrior.
Would have made a
great litigator.
Who can tell me what a
trial. any trial. is about?
-Yeah.
-Finding the truth.
That's a law school answer.
The truth is not your client.
What determines victory
in court is not the truth.
It's not even what
you can prove.
It is what you can convince
a jury that you have proven.
[whispering] What happened?
All men are equal under the law.
Who believes that?
-Are you OK?
-You.
You believe that?
You're bold enough to come
late to your first meeting.
and not exactly
dressed for success.
I apologise for the...
So have the balls to
answer the question.
No. I don't believe
that everyone
is treated equally
under the law.
14th Amendment guarantees
equality under the law.
But you disagree?
-I guess I do.
-What are you doing?
OK. Who isn't treated
equally. Mr...
Baylor. sir.
Rudy Baylor.
Who isn't treated equally?
Well. you want to be an attorney
at Tinley. Britt. Crawford.
Mize. and St. John.
you make an argument
when I tell you to.
-Victims of domestic violence.
-Excuse me?
I said victims of
domestic violence.
Argue it. Prove to me.
right here and now.
that victims of
domestic violence
cannot get a fair hearing.
Don't.
[dramatic music]
I'll take your silence
as stipulation.
Stipulation is surrender.
We do not surrender
at this firm.
Castle Rock v. Gonzales.
Uh-huh?
Supreme Court ruled that
a woman can't sue the cops
for failing to
arrest her husband
after he violated a
restraining order.
and he later murdered
their three children. so...
Is that all you got?
U.S. v. Morrison.
Congress tried to
give victims of abuse
the right to sue their abusers.
but the Supreme Court
declared it unconstitutional.
Why are you whispering?
I can't hear it.
Counterman v. Colorado.
The court threw out
a stalking conviction
on First Amendment grounds.
Is he putting you to sleep?
'Cause he's putting me to sleep.
You want to hear
state court cases
of women who went to
prison for killing husbands
-who nearly killed them?
-Really?
Abusive husbands who got
custody of the children.
women fired lawfully
in a court of law
for being late to work
because they were busy
getting beaten up
by their husbands.
Oh. my God.
Courts reject 57% of
allegations of partner abuse.
28% of mothers alleging
an abusive father
lose custody to that
father. and that number.
that rises to 50%
when he accuses her
of parental alienation.
Not 58%.
50%.
Whatever.
You. you look like
you have an opinion.
Stand up. Miss...
Plankmore. Sarah.
Opinion. Miss Plankmore.
[sighs]
I would say misleading
on Morrison.
overstated on Counterman.
and parental alienation
was soundly rejected
in Montoya v. Davis.
Very good.
And never bore the
jury with statistics.
When statistics
are on your side.
pound the jury with them.
Who the hell told you that?
You did.
In a speech you gave at
Ashley Cooper three years ago.
Really?
Well. then it must be true.
[laughter]
♪ ♪
[clears throat]
[sighs]
Hey. Fired?
What were you thinking?
Arguing with Leo Drummond
on your first day.
OK. I'm sorry. I screwed up.
But he baited me. and
everything I said was true.
Well. Leo said the truth
is not your client.
You missed that part.
Thanks. Sarah.
Are you gonna tell me what
happened to your face?
Hank.
God. Rudy.
You know how my father
says the flip side
of everyone's best quality
is their worst quality?
What's my best quality?
You never back
away from a fight.
My worst quality?
You never back
away from a fight.
[dramatic music]
[sighs] OK. let me talk to Leo.
Look. we've worked
way too hard for this.
We can fix it.
We aren't doing anything.
This is my fault.
I'm not letting you
go down for it. OK?
[sighs] Look. I. um...
-I have to get to that training.
-I know.
I'm sorry.
You know what happens around
here when you're late.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Just turned out Tinley Britt
wasn't the right fit for me.
Hello?
[sighs]
Look. I appreciated the offer.
I should have
accepted at the time.
I was... yes. ma'am.
I understand. ma'am.
If you could please pass...
Rudy Baylor.
Hi. Good morning.
I understand.
I have always wanted to
work as a public defender.
Can I just ask. when...
when will that new budget be?
Next year?
OK.
Thank you for your time.
Hey. there he is.
Big-time lawyer Rudy Baylor.
Hey. man. You here
for your last check?
Or you just can't stay
away from old Prince?
I think I need my job back.
Look. man. I can't help
you with Leo Drummond.
but I might be able
to do something
about this Hank fella.
You know. I got a couple of
guys. send them around...
-Prince. come on. No.
-Beat his ass a little bit.
Prince. don't. No.
OK?
No. thank you.
All right. man.
Suit yourself.
You know. come to think of it.
I do know a law firm
looking to hire.
I just called every
reputable firm in town.
OK? Nobody's hiring.
How about a
not-so-reputable one?
[country rock music]
♪ Daisy Duke queen with
her mama's curves ♪
♪ Dirty red boots with
a Georgia swerve ♪
♪ Knocking them
back like she's 21 ♪
♪ Turning heads. the
girl's having fun ♪
♪ One shot. two shots ♪
Come on. man. this place
is pretty cool. right?
You know. it used
to be a taco hut.
You don't say.
Bruiser is the
best lawyer I know.
-Bruiser?
-[chuckles]
♪ Do your thing. baby.
drop it real low ♪
♪ Do your thing ♪
Hey. Voreen.
This is Rudy. guy I
told Bruiser about.
-Hi.
-Hot-buttered lawyer.
-[laughs]
-They're waiting for you.
Thank you.
♪ Do your thing. baby.
drop it real low ♪
♪ Do your thing. shake
it out on the floor ♪
Are you serious?
Come on. kid.
♪ Show me how it goes ♪
Hey. hey. hey.
This... this must
be the kid. huh?
Rudy Baylor. Hi.
Yeah. well. I'd shake
your hand. but...
You must be Bruiser.
[laughter]
He wishes.
You're Bruiser?
Jocelyn Stone.
Bruiser to my friends.
-Have a seat. man.
-I see you met Deck Shifflet.
-How you doing?
-Our para lawyer.
Did you say power lawyer?
Para lawyer.
It's like paralegal. but
I went to law school.
Didn't pass the bar...
seven times.
Chokes under pressure.
She's not wrong.
So they fired you?
Trent and Brent.
You know why we call it that?
Because it's full of
Trents and Brents.
-You're right. He is a genius.
-[laughs]
So Leo fired you?
Yeah. it wasn't the right fit.
What'd you do to piss him off?
I got into an argument with him.
On your first day?
Oh. Daddy.
Told you.
Kid's got balls.
Try him out. Bruiser.
What do you got to lose?
I pay my associates
2.000 a month.
500 a week to be a lawyer?
A waitress makes more.
Yeah. well. you keep 1/3
of the fees you generate.
If you don't cover your
draw. you owe me the balance.
You can't be serious.
When do you take the bar?
Six weeks.
Look. I appreciate the offer.
I can give you some tips.
I thought you
failed seven times.
And that's what
makes me an expert.
Rudy. you got screwed. OK?
And you got screwed on the
wrong side of hiring season.
Now you're pissed
off and can't believe
you're sitting in this room
talking to people like us.
Well. that's good.
You'll need that anger.
because we represent people on
the worst day of their lives.
And you know what they want?
They want someone who
will screw the people
who screwed them.
Now. if you're not the guy
for that. go be a waitress.
I need the night
to think about it.
-Oh. my God.
-No. you don't.
You're only here because every
other white shoe in this city
turned you down.
I'm all you got. babe.
I need an advance.
20.000... get a place to live.
[scoffs] What. are you
moving into the Ritz?
-10.000.
-5.000 it is.
You start Monday.
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's all fun and games ♪
15-all.
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Till someone gets hurt ♪
♪ It's all fun and games ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Till someone gets hurt ♪
-30-15.
-How do I know?
The kid was 20 years old
and wearing a tuxedo.
So I asked him to
make me a drink.
Noonan whispers in my ear.
"Leo. that's the
prime minister's son."
-[laughter]
-40-15.
Oops.
The kid made a mean martini.
-[laughter]
-Out.
Whatever happened to a
good old-fashioned hot dog?
Right over here. Mr. Keeley.
[chuckles]
Do we know each other?
You are Wilfred Keeley.
CEO of Great Benefit
Hospital Systems.
one of Tinley Britt's
most important clients.
Sarah Plankmore.
I'm a... I'm a new associate.
A new associate that
does her homework.
[chuckles]
Ah.
"Perfectly good morning
thwarted by a hot dog."
Morning?
It's... it's from a novel.
"Only Yours" by Susan Mallery.
"Montana Hendrix's
perfectly good morning
"was thwarted by a hot
dog. a four-year-old boy.
and a lab and a golden
retriever mix named Fluffy."
Must be an important
book to you.
No. for some reason. I
remember all the first lines
of books I've ever read.
-All of them?
-Mm-hmm.
I don't believe that.
Jane Austen. "Pride
and Prejudice."
"It is a truth.
universally acknowledged.
"that a single man in
possession of a good fortune
must be in want of a wife."
Remarkable.
Though I might disagree
with Ms. Austen's assertion.
One more?
Here all night.
Tip your waiters.
15-all.
"A Prayer for Owen
Meany." Irving.
One of my favourites.
"I am doomed to remember a
boy with a wrecked voice...
"not because of his voice.
"or because he was the
smallest person I ever knew.
"or even because he
was the instrument
"of my mother's death.
"but because he is the
reason I believe in God;
I am a Christian
because of Owen Meany."
[cheers and applause]
[dramatic music]
Is she on my account?
She's not even a lawyer yet.
-Yes. she's on your account.
-40-15.
Didn't you want to have
a word with Wilfred?
Mr. Keeley. do
you have a moment?
Sarah. it's been a pleasure.
Pleasure's all mine. Mr. Keeley.
♪ ♪
Finders. grinders. and minders.
Finders land the client.
bring in the money.
Grinders. that's
writing and research.
And minders keep
us out of trouble.
[cheers and applause]
Which am I?
-That's what I'm wondering.
-8-7.
♪ ♪
I'm just saying. we could
have found a place together.
Yeah.
But we haven't
talked about that.
Oh. my God.
You don't want to live together.
You know I do.
Then why don't you ask
me to move in here?
What. you?
In this place?
Come on.
Your neighbours are.
like. right there.
See what I mean?
I can't have your
parents paying my rent.
It's not their money.
It's mine.
It's a trust fund. Sarah.
Yeah. it's my trust fund.
Why is that so terrible?
No. that makes it fine.
Yeah. they made
an honest living.
They wanted to give
me a start in life.
Like. why should I
feel guilty for that?
I just want to pay my own way.
Do you not understand that?
No. clearly not.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
-We're in a fight.
-OK. so fight.
♪ I can't do this by myself ♪
♪ I've got myself
a labor of love ♪
Hey. cutie.
They're in the back.
Morning.
[muffled] Morning. Bear claw?
No. thanks.
I'm ready to get started.
What do you need me to do?
What I need is my money back.
What you need are some clients.
Right.
Baby needs some milk. Deck.
Show him the tit.
Let's roll out.
[indistinct announcement
over P.A. system]
All right. stay close.
Now. there's five
stages of grief:
denial. anger. bargaining.
depression. acceptance.
Now. we usually
get them in anger.
So you. you got
to be angry. too.
because you're the one who's
gonna punish the asshole
who did this to them.
I'm so sorry. Wrong patient.
You seem. like.
very. very tense.
Oh. really?
I don't know. maybe
because you just told me
you bribed a doctor.
No. no. I rewarded
him for information.
You're a lawyer now.
Words are important.
This is us. 886.
[sighs]
Hit by a drunk driver.
-Stop.
-I love my job.
[sighs]
Come in.
You wanted to see me?
As I said. you'll be on
Keeley's account going forward.
Amazing.
What will I be doing?
Watch and learn.
Anticipate his needs.
But speak to Brad or myself
before you do anything.
OK. absolutely.
Thank you.
Could I... could I
ask you something?
It's about Rudy Baylor.
Rudy Baylor.
Mm-hmm.
You're a friend?
Yes.
Look. Rudy is the smartest
person I have ever met.
And I was just wondering
if you would ever consider
giving him another chance.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Sorry.
Why are you doing this?
I'm defining our
relationship. Miss Plankmore.
That will be all.
♪ ♪
[whispering] Can you
hear me. Mr. Van Landel?
[normally] Deck Shifflet.
law firm of J. Lyman Stone.
We've looked over
your accident report.
We're gonna go out.
We're gonna photograph the
site. talk to the witnesses.
you know. give it
the absolute works.
But we have to move quick
before those
insurance companies...
excuse me. dickheads...
get to the witnesses because
they have been known.
Mr. Van Landel. to bribe
them for false testimony.
We have to move fast.
We don't charge a dime. not
one dime. not until you win.
Now. all we need to get
started here is your signature.
My wife will be here soon.
Mr. Van Landel. that drunk...
this makes me so angry...
that drunk asshole
that put you in here.
he needs to pay
through his teeth.
I need to talk to my wife.
I'm in no position
to hire a lawyer.
Sir. I understand.
I completely...
Mr. Van Landel. I'm Rudy Baylor.
We definitely want
to talk to your wife.
but we have to act fast.
before the other driver's
lawyer gets to the witnesses.
Memories are short.
easily manipulated.
And as you know. lawyers
can be unscrupulous.
Now. will you let us help you?
[light upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Black.
Now. Mr. Van Landel. if anybody
from the insurance company
comes by. you tell them.
talk to your lawyer.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Hey.
You're Melvin Pritcher. right?
I heard about the fire.
I'm sorry about your mom.
Yeah. thank you. I'm innocent.
I know. My name's Rod Nunley.
I can help you.
[laughs]
Wow.
You are a natural.
-This is ridiculous.
-Ridiculous?
[laughs] Let me
tell you something.
That was nature at work.
Guy got a lawyer.
We got a client.
That's the food chain. [gasps]
Boo-boo. baby.
Do you see what I see?
What?
Handcuffs.
Handcuffs?
Oh. shit. It's Rod Nunley.
I hear you're
looking for a lawyer?
Hey. no! We saw him first.
-Nunley. we had dibs.
-Get lost. Deck.
-Ow.
-Thanks.
-I didn't do it.
-I know.
I'm innocent.
-Sir. my name is...
-Oh!
J. Lyman Stone Associates.
What the hell are you two doing?
I swear...
-It's my lawyer.
-Who?
Both: Yeah. Who?
OK. Officer. I'm not even sure
he knows who he's looking at.
Sir. just breathe lightly
and just... Deck Shifflet.
Where'd you go?
Do you believe that Nunley. huh?
I mean. there is no honour
among thieves anymore.
I can't do this.
I need a real case.
You need a real case?
What are you... you've been
on this job five minutes.
You haven't even
passed the bar yet.
Oh. you have. right?
OK. listen. kid.
I'm more a lawyer
than any jackleg.
martini-soaked. limp dick like
Rod Nunley any day of the week.
Now. unless you have some big
client beating down your door.
this. this is how we eat.
And maybe I do.
Maybe you do what?
Have a client.
Are you trying to
give me a boner?
Get in.
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ I wasn't raised
on a silver spoon ♪
♪ I never ate from
a silver platter ♪
♪ Didn't sleep a
wink in fancy rooms ♪
♪ But I shine like a diamond.
so it didn't matter ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
-Go get 'em. boo-boo.
-Thanks. man.
♪ Always told me.
son. you will go far ♪
♪ I dance for the money.
but I sing for applause ♪
♪ Try to come and get me.
I ain't breaking any laws ♪
[knocking]
♪ Try and keep up ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Take it back ♪
♪ ♪
Daisy. go on. now. Get.
So you're no longer
with Tinley Britt?
No. No.
It didn't really work out.
And I was looking for
something more entrepreneurial.
You got fired.
Yeah. I got fired.
How come?
I have a big mouth.
But I'm with a new firm now.
J. Lyman Stone and Associates.
And if you hire us.
won't cost you anything.
Not unless we win.
That guy out in the car. is
that your J. Lyman Stone?
No.
He's a paralegal. Deck Shifflet.
Stone's our senior partner.
My Donny Ray always
wanted to go to college.
but he didn't have the
same advantages you did.
You think I had advantages?
Well. his mama and
papa didn't have
buckets of money to
send him to law school.
Mrs. Black. respectfully. you
don't know a thing about me.
And you don't know me.
You don't know what
I've been through.
what it's like to lose someone.
I loved my boy.
I loved him. and now he's gone.
And I want someone to
be punished for that.
But you wouldn't
understand that. would you?
Actually. I do.
[somber music]
Look. as I see it.
there are three reasons
we're sitting here.
♪ ♪
I need a client.
You need a lawyer.
And neither of us has much
love for Tinley Britt.
Now. Mrs. Black. are
we doing this or not?
♪ ♪
[sighs] Damn it.
[laughs]
I knew this kid
was a natural. Yes!
Come on.
-You got it signed. right?
-It's all signed.
All right. let's go before
she changes her mind.
[engine turning over]
There were a dozen
people... EMTs. nurses.
a Dr. Mulvaney who saw
Donny Ray that night.
No. no. hospital won't
let us talk to any of them
till we get to depos.
What if they don't work
for the hospital anymore?
What do you mean?
Two of the nurses
on Donny Ray's chart
no longer work there.
There's a nurse on the floor
named Jackie Lemanczyk.
Yeah.
And an ER nurse named
Melvin Pritcher.
Wait. Melvin Pritcher.
They're not listed
on staff anymore.
You got to be kidding me.
What?
[tense music]
That's the guy we
saw at the hospital.
He's being arraigned tomorrow.
♪ ♪
[dog barking]
Daisy. Daisy. what you hear?
♪ ♪
Daisy!
[twig snaps]
♪ ♪
If someone's out there.
you best show yourself.
♪ ♪
Daisy!
Oh. Daisy. damn it.
You frightened the
Jesus out of me.
Come on. let's go inside.
Good girl.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
Promised you a cheap
bottle of wine.
-Hi.
-2.99.
But just in case.
Chateau Brivenan.
Sounds expensive.
The bottle opener is
next to the stove.
Is everything all right?
Yeah.
What's that?
That's... I was gonna tell
you about this. actually.
It's the woman we met.
You know. at the clinic?
Yeah. the one suing
Great Benefit.
Well. I just met the
CEO. Wilfred Keeley.
He's Leo's client.
Are you out of your mind?
She doesn't have a case.
It's gonna settle.
Leo put me on the case.
Mm-hmm.
I'm assisting him
and Brad Noonan.
I see.
So you're not worried about me.
You're worried about you.
You did not just say that.
I tried to get Leo
to take you back.
Sarah. I told you
not to do that.
What happens when Leo
finds out that my boyfriend
is suing his prized client?
So it is about you.
Why can't it be
about the both of us?
You need to drop this case.
Or what?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[door slams]
What you find. girl?
[dramatic music]
Oh.
Hey.
♪ ♪
All right. My guy just
said he made bail.
Should be out any minute.
Want a bite of this? Da Toscano.
He made bail?
On a charge of matricide?
He murdered a mattress?
-That's insensitive.
-Here we go.
Rod. Rod! Buddy. got a sec?
-No.
-Come on. Rod. You owe me.
Hey. man. I let you steal
my client right here.
This is Rudy Baylor. new
lawyer with the firm.
We have a case that your
client might be a witness in.
A lawyer? How old are you?
It's a malpractice case
against North City
General Hospital.
Mr. Pritcher was one of the
nurses who treated Don...
No.
-No what?
-You can't talk to him.
Why not?
My client is on
trial for murder.
-I'm innocent.
-Shut up.
He's not gonna say a thing
until his case is done.
Period.
OK. hang on a second.
Tell Bruiser she
can kiss my ass.
♪ ♪
-What now?
-I'm working on it.
Oh.
Good porchetta. Come on.
Part of the game. We
hit some. We miss some.
We hit some. We miss some.
An opioid addict
with the flu dies.
What a shocker.
Dot her son was clean
for over a year.
He was in a 12-step program.
Right. and a son would
never lie to his mother
about his drug use.
And he has all 13
sobriety chips.
Who's opposing counsel?
Trent and Brent.
Oh. Christ.
Bruiser. there's money there.
OK. they've already
agreed to settle.
They offered her 50.000.
I think we can get a lot more.
Who gives a shit what you think?
You're not even a lawyer yet.
They have a pending
motion to dismiss.
Now. if you don't get past
that. you can still get me
-Rule 11'd on this thing.
-Rule 11?
That's the one that says
we pay attorney fees
and get fined for
frivolous lawsuits.
I know what it means.
I just... I don't...
It means this grieving
mother isn't enough.
You need something. anything.
that tells me and the judge
there might be a case here.
Bruiser. think about it.
Why would they offer her $50.000
before the motion is even heard?
The only reason is because
they believe she has a case.
[sighs]
A little over three
weeks till the hearing.
Don't spend any money.
Hey. listen up.
If you do this. you're
crossing the Rubicon.
No turning back. no giving up.
And if you want to
beat Leo Drummond.
the question you need
to ask yourself is this:
what are you willing to
do. really willing to do.
to be a rainmaker?
♪ ♪
[tapping]
You're looking for
Jackie. she moved out.
Hey.
Oh.
Actually. I'm the new tenant.
No. sir.
I met the man who rented it.
I never forget a face.
Huh.
[ominous music]
That's too bad.
[choking] [cat yowls]
[shushing]
It's OK.
I'm a nurse.
♪ ♪